Improve `push_dataset_to_hub` API + Add unit tests (#231)
huggingface/lerobot: README.md

> Then move your dataset folder in `data` directory (e.g. `data/aloha_static_pingpong_test`), and push your dataset to the hub with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then point to your raw dataset folder (e.g. `data/aloha_static_pingpong_test_raw`), and push your dataset to the hub with:
```

```bash
python lerobot/scripts/push_dataset_to_hub.py \

> --raw-dir data_raw \
> --out-dir out_data \

Reviewer: Dont' 

```suggestion
--raw-dir data/aloha_static_pingpong_test_raw \
--out-dir data \
```
